Stepper: describe Form Integration demo (#29684)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/Stepper/FormIntegration/description.md

> This demo shows the integration of DevExtreme Stepper, [Form](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Form/Overview/), and [MultiView](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/MultiView/Overview/), including validation for both Form and Stepper.

Reviewer: "Integration" by itself is too generic. I'm not that familiar with all available DevExtreme widgets, so I had to review the code to understand what goes where. Where's the Multi View, where's the Form, and what their purpose is. So I think we should add a few additional details to this introduction. 

```suggestion
This demo uses DevExtreme Stepper to implement navigation in for hotel registration UI. Input controls on each step are organized with the help of [MultiView](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/MultiView/Overview/) and [Form](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Form/Overview/) components. Form and Stepper display input validation results when a user navigates to the next step.
```

<!--split-->

> Certain fields in the Form, such as *Check-in* and *Check-out* dates, are mandatory in the first step. You cannot proceed to the next step without completing these fields. Attempting to do so renders the first step [invalid](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/#isValid), and the [DateRangeBox](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DateRangeBox/Getting_Started_with_DateRangeBox/) component used to select the date range also fails validation. This issue arises because the DateRangeBox and the first step belong to the same [validation group](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxValidationGroup/). The `moveNext` function and Stepper's [onSelectionChanging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/#onSelectionChanging) event handler trigger a validation check through the `getValidationResult` function. Thus, both clicking the "Next" button and selecting the next step prompt validation for the Form and Stepper.
> 
> Once you complete a step, its validity changes its appearance. A valid step displays a check icon, while an invalid one displays an exclamation mark and turns red.

Reviewer: I think there should still be two main paragraphs, but we need to divide information a little differently. One should have an example - "do this to see validation in action". Another should have technical details - this is how we implemented that. And the last third paragraph is a short notice on what successful validation looks like. 

```suggestion
To see how validation works, try to navigate to the second step without specifying *Check-in* and *Check-out* dates. These fields are required, so validation will fail. As the result, the first step's status changes to [invalid](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/items/#isValid). The icon turns red and displays an exclamation mark. The [DateRangeBox](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DateRangeBox/Getting_Started_with_DateRangeBox/) component also displays an error icon.  

Review demo code to see how validation works. The `moveNext` function and Stepper's [onSelectionChanging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxStepper/Configuration/#onSelectionChanging) event handler trigger a validation check through the `getValidationResult` function. This means that a user can either tap the "Next" button or select the next step to validate the Form and Stepper. DateRangeBox and Stepper both display validation errors since they belong to the same [validation group](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxValidationGroup/). 

Once you fix validation errors, you can proceed to the next step. Successfully validated step displays a checkmark icon. 
```
